the haters always say Tonya tell the
truth there's no such thing as truth
everyone has their own truth I was the
best figure skater in the world at one
point in time
call out a clean skate for Christ's sake
do not swear in front of the kid I
didn't swear you
[Music]
you to yet we need to see a
wholesome American family I don't have a
wholesome American family who skated
like a graceless bull dyke it was
embarrassed for you my entire life I've
been told when the mounts anything you
know what maybe I would we also judge on
presentation suck my dick
I didn't even even the plank I know God
shouldn't even be saying his name Derek
the press wanted me to be the pilot crap
I never did this
[Applause]
[Music]
what is going on we're with the FBI they
know something what can you tell us
about Tonya Harding I don't know it Toni
hearted huh
aren't you her bodyguard
when I was a kid did you ever love me I
made you a champion knowing you'd hate
me for it that's the sacrifice a mother
makes accursed me America they want
someone to love come on
what kind of friggin person bashes in
their friend's knee who would do that to
a friend
stop that